Adds documentation for storage pages in Admin tab (#361)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: user-manual/administer/dashboard-admin.rst

in the :ref:`Storage Service <storageService:administrators>`. This table
presents information from the Storage Service.

.. image:: images/dashboard-storage-locations.*
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
   :alt: Table showing available storage locations configured for the Archivematica pipeline

The table on the Storage locations page displays the :ref:`purpose
<location-purposes>` of the storage location, the location's description, how
much space has been used, and the path.

If a quota has not been set for the storage location, the location's available
space will be set to *unlimited*. Quotas can be set for some types of locations
through the :ref:`Storage Service <storageService:locations>`.

*Used / available* values are not currently calculated for all types of storage
locations, such as Replicator, Transfer Backlog, and Transfer Source locations.

Depending on the configuration of your Archivematica deployment, you may not see
values for all storage locations.

.. _dashboard-usage:

Processing storage usage
------------------------

This section of the Administration page displays the Archivematica instance's

> processing locations. Processing locations are used to hold materials while they

Reviewer: Maybe "currently processing location" is more aligned with the wording in the SS.

> arebeing processed, as well as temporary storage directories for certain types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are being processed, as well as temporary storage directories for certain types
```

> arebeing processed, as well as temporary storage directories for certain types

Reviewer: Typo: "are being"

Reviewer: Oh, already fixed ;)

> of content - for example, failed and rejected transfers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of content -- for example, failed and rejected transfers.
```

Author: I don't think that a double-dash is standard in the docs?

Reviewer 2: Feel free to disregard then!

.. important::

   This page calculates usage statistics for Archivematica instances that have
   been deployed with a shared directory on the same disk as the Archivematica
   instance. If your Archivematica instance has been configured a different way,

>    the usage statistics may not be displayed.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing for me. If the AM pipeline doesn't have access to the shared directory many things will go wrong (see https://github.com/artefactual/archivematica/issues/885#issuecomment-551179239).

Author: I guess what I was trying to communicate was that this anticipates a fairly standard setup; if an AM instance is set up way off spec, it might not work. Maybe it's best to just remove the admonition.

When you navigate to the page, click **Calculate disk usage** to see how much
disk space is being used. The calculation will take a few minutes, and may take
a long time depending on how your Archivematica instance is configured. Keep
the tab open. You can continue to process materials while the disk usage is

> being calculated.

Reviewer: This depends on a lot of things so I wouldn't say minutes. Also, you should be able to process materials while the calculation is running, it may not show the exact values after a while but that's hard to control. I'd only say "The calculation may take a long time depending on how your Archivematica instance is configured and the current disk usage".
